README.md, before:

# awesome-roundnet

> #
> A curated list of awesome roundnet stuff  [![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge.svg)](https://awesome.re) 
> #

Find out more information about this list [here](about.md).

## Contents
- [awesome-roundnet](#awesome-roundnet)
  - [Contents](#contents)
- [Associations / Organisations](#associations--organisations)
  - [Official Sport Organisations](#official-sport-organisations)
  - [Other Organisations](#other-organisations)
- [Equipment Manufactures](#equipment-manufactures)
- [Facebook Groups](#facebook-groups)
- [Other online Resources](#other-online-resources)
- [Podcasts](#podcasts)
  - [International Level](#international-level)
  - [National Level](#national-level)
- [YouTube Channels](#youtube-channels)
- [Contribute](#contribute)


# Associations / Organisations
## Official Sport Organisations

*Official* from a legal point of view
### International Level
- [EURA](https://www.roundnet.eu) European Roundnet Association
- [IRF](https://www.roundnetfederation.org/about) International Roundnet Federation
- ...

### National Level
- ...


## Other Organisations

- [Data Collection Committee](https://tournaments.spikeball.com/pages/data-collection-committee) - [(Facebook Site)](https://web.facebook.com/RoundnetDCC)
- [Roundnet World](https://www.roundnetworld.com/)
- [SRA](https://tournaments.spikeball.com/) Spikeball Roundnet Association
- [The Players Roundnet](http://theplayersroundnet.com/)
- ...


# Equipment Manufactures

- [Bamball](https://bamball.de/)
- [Rashball](https://www.rashball.com/)
- [Spikeball](https://spikeball.com/)
- ...

# Facebook Groups

only public groups

- [European Roundnet Community](https://web.facebook.com/groups/129810930851029)
- [Roundnet Coach Community](https://web.facebook.com/groups/411171740211439/)
- [Spikeball Roundnet Association](https://web.facebook.com/groups/1638656126352541)
- 
- ...


# Other online Resources

- [Roundnet Analytics Worldwide](https://roundnetstats.com/)
- ...


# Podcasts

## International Level

- [Around the Net](https://open.spotify.com/show/0BBj9dUci97EDYeNsJygl9) (English)
- ...

## National Level

- [Netzklatscher](https://open.spotify.com/show/0iYVTONsyfEP4MZHYvBaVa) (German)
- ...

# YouTube Channels

only channels not (directly) associated with an [organisation](#associations--organisations) or a [manufacturer](#equipment-manufactures).

- [Chornspikes](https://www.youtube.com/c/chornspikes/)
- [How to Roundnet](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UColRVNu-hSF_NJJnRNc3dOg) - [HTR Plus](https://www.youtube.com/c/HTRPlus/)
- ...


# Contribute

Contributions welcome! Read the [contribution guidelines](contributing.md) first.

Commit message:

added lefty on two to podcasts

README.md, after:

# awesome-roundnet

> #
> A curated list of awesome roundnet stuff  [![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge.svg)](https://awesome.re) 
> #

Find out more information about this list [here](about.md).

## Contents
- [awesome-roundnet](#awesome-roundnet)
  - [Contents](#contents)
- [Associations / Organisations](#associations--organisations)
  - [Official Sport Organisations](#official-sport-organisations)
  - [Other Organisations](#other-organisations)
- [Equipment Manufactures](#equipment-manufactures)
- [Facebook Groups](#facebook-groups)
- [Other online Resources](#other-online-resources)
- [Podcasts](#podcasts)
  - [International Level](#international-level)
  - [National Level](#national-level)
- [YouTube Channels](#youtube-channels)
- [Contribute](#contribute)


# Associations / Organisations
## Official Sport Organisations

*Official* from a legal point of view
### International Level
- [EURA](https://www.roundnet.eu) European Roundnet Association
- [IRF](https://www.roundnetfederation.org/about) International Roundnet Federation
- ...

### National Level
- ...


## Other Organisations

- [Data Collection Committee](https://tournaments.spikeball.com/pages/data-collection-committee) - [(Facebook Site)](https://web.facebook.com/RoundnetDCC)
- [Roundnet World](https://www.roundnetworld.com/)
- [SRA](https://tournaments.spikeball.com/) Spikeball Roundnet Association
- [The Players Roundnet](http://theplayersroundnet.com/)
- ...


# Equipment Manufactures

- [Bamball](https://bamball.de/)
- [Rashball](https://www.rashball.com/)
- [Spikeball](https://spikeball.com/)
- ...

# Facebook Groups

only public groups

- [European Roundnet Community](https://web.facebook.com/groups/129810930851029)
- [Roundnet Coach Community](https://web.facebook.com/groups/411171740211439/)
- [Spikeball Roundnet Association](https://web.facebook.com/groups/1638656126352541)
- 
- ...


# Other online Resources

- [Roundnet Analytics Worldwide](https://roundnetstats.com/)
- ...


# Podcasts

## International Level / English

- [Around the Net](https://open.spotify.com/show/0BBj9dUci97EDYeNsJygl9) (English)
- [Lefty on Two](https://open.spotify.com/show/5auIcjc9OpO9G25TgbEVWV) (English)
- ...

## National Level / not English

- [Netzklatscher](https://open.spotify.com/show/0iYVTONsyfEP4MZHYvBaVa) (German)
- ...

# YouTube Channels

only channels not (directly) associated with an [organisation](#associations--organisations) or a [manufacturer](#equipment-manufactures).

- [Chornspikes](https://www.youtube.com/c/chornspikes/)
- [How to Roundnet](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UColRVNu-hSF_NJJnRNc3dOg) - [HTR Plus](https://www.youtube.com/c/HTRPlus/)
- ...


# Contribute

Contributions welcome! Read the [contribution guidelines](contributing.md) first.
